the kids of Elm Street don't know it yet
but something is coming to get them
there's something out there isn't we
just see cuts happen what did that
pretend I don't know yeah the coroner
got to say it's in the John pukin since
he saw it they're gonna kill me for sure
did you do it there was somebody else
there he was locked in a room with a
girl who went in alive and came out in a
rubber bag no one knows where it came
from
Oliver visit next Nancy something wrong
with you you're imagining Nightmare on
Elm Street to believe in the boogeyman
no whatever you do she's the only one
who can stop it if she fails I'm your
boyfriend pal
no one will survive
from West Craven director of The Hills
Have Eyes and Last House on the Left a
new masterpiece in fantasy terror
Nightmare on Elm Street